Add more FAQs to readme (#3707)
microsoft/autogen: README.md

Use GitHub [Issues](https://github.com/microsoft/autogen/issues) for bug reports and feature requests.
Use GitHub [Discussions](https://github.com/microsoft/autogen/discussions) for general questions and discussions.

### Do you use Discord for communications?

> We are also unable to use Discord for project discussions. Therefore, we request that all discussions take place on https://github.com/microsoft/autogen/discussions/ going forward. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are unable to use Discord for project discussions. Therefore, we request that all discussions take place on https://github.com/microsoft/autogen/discussions/ going forward. 
```

### What about forks?

https://github.com/microsoft/autogen/ remains the only official repo for development and support of AutoGen. 
We are aware that there are thousands of forks of AutoGen, including many for personal development and startups building with or on top of the library. We are not involved with any of these forks and are not aware of any plans related to them. 

### What is the status of the license and open source?

Our project remains fully open-source and accessible to everyone. We understand that some forks use different licenses to align with different interests. We will continue to use the most permissive license (MIT) for the project. 

### Can you clarify the current state of the packages?

> Currently, we are unable to make releases to the 'pyautogen' package due to a change to package ownership that was done without our involvement. Additionally, we are moving to using multiple packages to align with the new design. Please see details here. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, we are unable to make releases to the `pyautogen` package via Pypi due to a change to package ownership that was done without our involvement. Additionally, we are moving to using multiple packages to align with the new design. Please see details here. 
```
